Since the presence of God, lay hands on your neighbor's shoulder and speaking tongues.
And now ask your neighbor to interpret.
Ask your neighbor to interpret, tell him.
What did I say?
Hallelujah.
This afternoon, it's International Sunday.
And as you can see, we are all dressed from different countries and different cultures.
but we are one body in Christ Jesus, amen.
Now the presence of God is here, the presence of the Holy Spirit is here, angels are here, and the sprinkling of the blood of the New Testament is here, and the spirits of just men made perfect is here.
And so no matter where you came from or how you're dressed or which country you represent, God has a word for you.
Everybody say God has a word,
for me.
Now say God has a miracle for me.
Say it like you believe it.
Say God has a breakthrough for me.
Say what I'm going through now.
It's just for a season.
But as the prophet climbs up, the yoke is broken by reason of the anointing.
Declare I am saved.
I'm free.
I am transformed.
My sins are washed away.
Now give the Lord a shout of faith.
Give the Lord a shout.
You're trusting in this world and they're clear Hop into the voice of God to thee Is there anything?
Is there anything too hard for me?
Then put your trust
You're trusting in His world.
Come on, let your heart get saved.
I can do the voice of God to these.
Is there anything to have for God?
If there ain't anything to harm me, then what you trust?
Then God alone, and rest upon His world.
Now declare with all your mind.
Everything, everything, everything.
Family Father, thank you for tonight.
For this afternoon, what a blessing to be in your house, in your presence.
We are already blessed.
We thank you.
Touch every heart and every life with your mighty spirit and word.
We love you and we thank you in Jesus' name.
Amen.
You may be seated.
What a blessing.
Today I decided to be in Swiss uniform.
What do you think?
Why not?
It's International Sunday.
So ask your neighbor, which country are you representing today?
Is that going to be international food after?
No international food.
Oh.
The breads, we have 5,000 loaves today.
Was that not amazing?
Jesus.
Clap for that film stars and for Jesus.
Amazing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, the film starts.
Fantastic.
Father, everybody who works in church, may the work everyone does in church, end for them a good degree, and may it open doors for them, and may turn into a great blessing for their lives.
Thank you, Lord, in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Beautiful.
Now today, just for a short time, I want to ask to continue why few are chosen.
Matthew 22 verse 14, many are called, but few are chosen.
Amen.
Many are called, but few are actually chosen.
Now,
This is a great mystery.
Why is it that many are called and few are chosen?
What you may not realize is that that is one of the laws that God has set in place.
You as you sit there, you are a spam that was chosen on a particular Sunday or Monday or Tuesday or Wednesday or Thursday or Friday.
And so many other spams were not chosen on that day.
Not only you were chosen,
Hey!
And many others were just washed away into oblivion.
There would have been nice girls and nice boys like you here, but like they were not chosen.
So it's something that got us set in place, but we need to understand because if you don't take care, you can be among a group, an important group, and you will not be chosen.
Last week I was sharing with you why if you are chosen,
One of them was that they made light of the calling.
Is that not so?
Another reason was because they were not dressed properly or they did not adjust themselves.
Another reason was because they treated the people that were sent to them spitefully.
And I've yet not seen anyone who does well, who treats the people that are sent to you spitefully.
Number four, we noticed that some people were not chosen, few were chosen because they were offended.
Do you remember that?
They were offended.
And then the last one was one who were not chosen because one of them turned into a devil.
Now, that is a traitor.
So that is one of the things you can also become.
You know, one of the things you find is that when Jesus came, the people who crucified him were
very, very deeply into religion.
They were deep into God and into church.
They are the ones who became most evil.
And when you are in church, a certain type of evil can befall you when you are deep, which doesn't befall, it's a version of evil.
It doesn't befall people who are far away.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Yes.
And it is a sort of religious evil.
So the people who crucified Jesus were not unrobust of prostitutes.
But they were deeply religious.
In fact, those who asked that his legs should be broken.
When they had crucified him, like he was finished on the cross.
They said, break his legs.
Because if you break the legs, to break somebody's legs, you have to hit him so hard
on the big bones to cause serious bleeding, so that any other bleeding that has not occurred would take place.
This was instructions from Pharisees.
And the Jews, therefore, because it was the preparation,
that the body should not remain on the cross.
Be sought pilot that their legs might be broken.
So the breaking of the legs of Jesus was a request from pastors.
Are you with me?
So Judas is a type of evil that befalls people who are close.
But it can never be Judas if you are a fan.
You have to be close.
That's the only time you can be a Judas.
It's also something that happens.
So Judas became Judas at the end of the ministry.
So he was there for so many things, but even very close trusted with so many things.
But then he became Judas.
So even though you are in the church, we may be many, but you can be eliminated.
So make sure that
you carefully exclude yourself from all these possible evils.
Because how do you say, if you say, let's say, a Chinese man, there are some problems that he has.
Let's say, like, in medicine, we have many different types of diseases.
Do you see that you have?
But groups have them.
Groups have diseases.
in Japan, they have more cancer of the stomach.
You see, and one of the reasons is because they eat raw fish.
So they have more cancer of the stomach.
People who drink hot drinks like, this is not called hot, they're hard, hard liquor.
They are more prone to cancer of the osofagos.
which is a rare cancer, but it is a very bad one.
You know, women who dwell in cities are more prone to breast cancer than villages.
You know, yes.
I will not tell you, you know, you can, because it's quite a direct between you and a villager.
Please, now let me start going into a fence now.
Now, what I'm saying is that each group has what can come to you.
So I'm saying that a religious person can have a problem.
Don't think that, because I'm deeply into the church, I can't have problems.
No, you can have a certain type of problem.
God, it exists for God's sake time, it's not resting till you die.
So when you are deep in church, you can be like this crucifying a Jesus.
That's why I don't criticize prophets or pastors or new people.
Why is this person doing this?
Why did I leave them?
Because we, when we started speaking in times, we were seen as the most, I mean, disorderly group of raffians who had come on the scene.
Yes.
And we were not recognized as anything worthy of loot.
singing, clapping, playing instruments in church.
So be careful, lest you become a Pharisee.
And Judas is, Babu says, and the devil entered to Judas.
So he was not Judas from the beginning.
At a point, then, and it started from when Jesus was on it.
When Jesus was honored by the woman who poured the alabas of both.
The Bible says that Judas protested at that visit.
Why are you doing that for him?
It's too much.
You don't need to honor this person like that.
And then he changed.
So you never know.
Tell your neighbor, you may be in charge, but you've got to be careful.
Now, we carry on today.
Why are you choosing?
Because, and this is, I would say, the big
One is because people don't take little things seriously.
In Matthew 25 we see the story.
The kingdom of heaven is as a man traveling to a far country who called his own sevens and delivered them unto them his goods.
And unto one he gave five talents and to another two
and to another one.
Every man according to his several ability and straight away took his journey.
Amen.
Then he that had received five talents went and traded with the same and made them five other talents.
Likewise he that received two and again other two.
But he that had received one went and dinked in the earth and hit his Lord's money.
Amen.
Now this is where all the troubles started.
Now, in this series, you must always look that there is a group and some fallout.
So that is the few who are chosen, who are left.
Why do people start?
All these were sevens.
A lot of them, then now some are being chosen and others are being sent to the outer darkness.
You never go to outer darkness.
Amen.
Now, so when the Lord came in verse 19 and recognized with them, he that had five talents came and brought other five talents.
Lord, thou deliver unto me five.
I have gained five.
The Lord said, well done.
You are still going to be my servants.
Amen.
I will make you a ruler.
That's 22.
He also had received two came and said, Lord, thou deliver unto me two talents.
I have gained two other talents besides.
The Lord said, well done, good and faithful.
I'll make you a ruler.
Now he had received one talent.
Came and said, Lord, I know that you are a hard man.
Okay.
And
You reap where you have not sown, and you gather where you have not strode.
And I was afraid, okay?
And I went and I hid my talent in the earth.
No, now here you are, you have what you have.
And the Lord answered and said unto him, Thou wicked and slotful servants, Thou knewest that I reap where I soot not, and gather where I have not strode.
Thou others therefore to have put my money to the exchanges,
Then at my coming, I should have received my own with usury.
Take the talent from him and give it to him that has 10 talents.
For unto everyone that has shall be given, and he shall have abundance.
But from him that has not shall be taken away, and even that which he has."
Now, the study is we are becoming fewer servants now.
Cast ye the profitable and profitable servants into outer darkness.
And there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
Amen.
Now, I want you to notice verse 14.
For the kingdom of heaven is as a man traveling into a far country who called his own servants.
Now, I didn't say that he called three servants.
He called his servants.
That's for sevens, there are many.
But he now gives you the future selection process for the sevens in the future.
What is going to lead to sevens being differentiated in the future?
Clearly.
And what is it?
It is basically your response to your one talent.
You know?
I believe that most people have only one talent.
But of course, there were three.
Some had five, some had.
If you take, let's say, Ida is singing.
A few of us can sing like that.
Few people can do what she's doing.
Let's be honest.
Most of us are the prison.
We don't know the songs.
Is it not true?
Do you know the songs?
You know the song is nice, but you can sing it.
You can't even sing one line.
So those with more than one talent are not many, I think.
But one talent people are how most of us are.
We just have something small.
I, for instance, am a one talent person.
Yes.
That is why I am a surprise to many people.
You know me today, but no one gave me a thought when I started in the ministry.
No one ever thought much of me that I would amount too much.
You know, like the way I preach, I'm talking to you,
And the kind of things I talk about, the preaching, this is how I've put, if you want to listen to my preaching years back, by the grace of God, we have all these preaching available.
You can listen to, you see, it's just like this.
It's like what I'm saying, what is this man?
Oh, talking almost.
You've not had that before.
You have it, that he wants.
Oh, this guy.
We are talking of men of God, not that he wants.
But what am I preaching about today?
Jesus said a man had five talents, two talents, one talent.
This is my big preaching.
And there are more than 6,000 people here to listen to my talents preaching.
It may not be.
So great to you, whatever.
But that is it.
And these are my songs.
This is a song I like, thinking about this and that.
If it's not, it is below you, you can excuse yourself.
You just say, excuse me.
You just say, excuse me, and go away.
So many churches are around.
Yes, you just say, excuse me.
And our churches are doh, doh, doh, multiple doors.
can't go through how to do any dough.
Yes.
So for me, for me, one talent.
I can't remember the words.
All the songs I does is I can't sing them.
I would tell her what to do, but I can't sing it.
The worship I can't do it.
I can't do so many things.
I can read the Bible and share some talks that I have.
That's all.
Yes.
Most of us have just one talent.
It is whether you will use your talent or not.
Most of us don't use the one talent.
You look at yourself and you say, it's nothing.
And I'm not going to use it.
And you don't use it.
And this is what angers God so much.
Because I'm sure many people here all over the place outside inside
everywhere, because of you are thinking to yourself, I am not this.
I am just one little small person over here with nothing.
But you have something.
You have something.
There are people who work for me in full-time ministry.
God showed them to me in some of them in dreams and visions.
Yes, I saw them long ago.
And so I said, this person will work for me.
Yes.
But people wouldn't think much of them.
People wouldn't think much of them.
When I asked Bishop Prince to work for me, one time it was his birthday and he was explaining, he was giving thanks to God and so on.
And one of the things he said was like, you know, every time you have a meeting, he'll say something and people will just laugh.
That is things not relevant, not important.
But you see, what he had was so important and so great.
Yes.
But you do not know how great it is and how important it is.
So what I saw him, I said, you come, be with me.
Leave your check, leave everything else, be with me.
Yeah.
People don't recognize, even your classmates do not recognize your talent.
Your class may look at you and say, ooh, you are nothing.
They will not even choose.
And you see, that's why I don't have anything against school prefect.
Yes, I wasn't made a prefect, but I don't want to quarrel with you because you were a prefect.
But many people are chosen as prefect just because they look nice.
All school prefects are very handsome or beautiful or whatever.
Catch is why you are school prefect.
If you ask who prefer with your hand, you see, they are either very beautiful, very nice looking and all that.
Some of them, how many were not chosen?
Charlie, please, you can be in my club.
One talent club.
Now, I want to ask you a question, and I want you to answer it honestly.
How many are going to answer my question honestly?
How many think, genuinely, that you have only one talent?
Like, you don't have many, like, gifts, or you are not very gifted.
Raise your hand.
High in the sky.
Look around.
Put your hand down.
How many feel you are very gifted?
You are very gifted.
You have love gifts.
I'd like to say, who is it?
Jude thinks so.
Some of you think so secretly, but you don't want to say it.
But most of us genuinely think we don't have much.
And if you look at it, most of us here think we don't have much.
And if you don't have much, you are in the one talent club.
And it's like many of us are in that one talent club.
So what makes people not use the one talent?
What is it?
What is it that makes most of the people to be eliminated?
Most of all of us here, we all think we have one talent.
Leonard, don't you think you haven't only one talent?
Just one talent means small, something small.
Yes?
You struggle in school, tell the truth.
You are not good in maths.
You are not good in English.
You are not good in science.
You are not good in anything.
Even art, you couldn't do it.
So number one, reason number one, fear.
The man said, I was afraid and I hid my talent.
Fear is the commonest demon in the world.
The commonest demon in the world is fear.
Do you know that the commonest human being is an Asian?
Do the Chinese eyes?
Does the commonest human being on F?
60% of all human beings have Chinese eyes and look Chinese.
They're all Asians.
If the world had 100 people, 60 of them would be from Asia.
And only five would be from America.
13 would be from Africa.
And nine would be from South America.
And five would be from North America.
And 12 Europe.
Europe would be 12.
And the islands would be one, two.
Yeah.
So in everything, we have the permanent.
In the demon world, the Communist demon is not a demon of last two.
It's a demon of fear.
Yes.
The Communist.
Fear is actually the reason why many things are happening.
Fear is the reason why many things are happening.
Sometimes a boy says, I love you, and you say, I love you too.
But if you fear you, not marry.
So you say, yes, I love you too.
You take it like that.
I'll take it like that.
True.
Sometimes you fear something will happen.
That is why you are talking.
But not that you have love for someone.
So maybe
when Gibeon, the Gibeon's army, when he came, thousands of them, 30,000, how many were they?
30,000.
And he asked how many of you are afraid?
27,000 said we are afraid.
That's the commonest evil spirit.
It's the commonest evil spirit for ministry, for relationship.
The commonest spirit that spoils relationship is fear.
You see, I have people that relate with me.
You can relate with me either out of fear or love.
I prefer that you love me than you fear me.
Because if you fear me, if you fear me, you don't like me.
And if you get the chance, you strike at me.
Yes.
Because if you fear me, it means I can do something bad to you.
And because I can do something bad to you, you want to do me before I do you.
Do them before they do you.
Yes.
So fear is the commonest spirit you have.
Most girls are plagued with demons or fears, fear, different fear of this, fear of that, fear of this, fear of, if you see something, even films, you see a film, you see something happening, become afraid, fear of a car, fear of a plane, fear of a boy, fear of a man,
fear of marriage, fear of life, fear of tomorrow, fear of the unknown, fear of death, fear of sickness, fear of what happened to your sister, fear of what you saw in the film, fear of everything, fear of it.
I know somebody who got married on Saturday, the bride, groom, died on Monday.
When you hear, you can easily be afraid of marrying.
27,000, they came out.
They said, we don't want to fight in this world.
Yes.
So brothers and sisters, fear.
You must recognize that an eliminator has come.
I want an eliminator has come.
Because when you are afraid, you are not a nice person.
When you meet an innocent person who is happy, say, I love you, say, I love you too.
My person who is so afraid, I love you, but you know, I want to consider carefully because there are many things to consider.
What do you mean by love?
So I love you, what does it mean?
Immediately, the person is too complicated.
Brothers, choose a free-spirited person who is happy
to be around and happy with everything that is happening.
If you have chosen already, you have to ignore.
Ignore this part of the preaching.
Girls, get rid of your evil spirits of fear.
Just become happy.
Don't think of what happened to you with this guy.
Because you remember somebody who said, I love you, but it was lying.
Can people lie like that?
Can they actually talk like that?
And it's like he actually won your hat.
And then you actually believe, like when he spoke, you really believed it deep down.
And then you float with it and you say, it must be true, it's real.
And you gave yourself to him.
And the letter you find out that it's not true at all.
Like the words, the words, they didn't even have a value of even five cities.
Five cities.
Wow.
No, you know, it's one of the greatest shockers to find somebody who says the opposite behind your back.
You can even fall down.
I mean, you can, I think you can even die.
Yes.
One day, a guy, you know, he had so many girlfriends.
He called one of his girlfriend.
Hi, baby.
Then there was a girl nearby.
She called it, come and listen.
See, there's foolish girls.
Then he was laughing.
He said, hi, baby.
I love you, baby.
He was giving her raps.
She was very happy on her lap for that.
He put the phone on the other girl.
Look at the foolish girl.
And the girl was like, what?
But you see, the effect it had on the other girl is maybe other girl more afraid of boys.
If that's what they can do to this one, that's what they can do to me.
She became more afraid of boys.
See?
That's why, if you want to be an A1 brother, you know, anything you say, keep to your weight, try to keep to your weight.
If you say, I'll do this, do it.
You say, I'll marry you, marry the person.
Don't, if you're not married, just say, I'm happy this afternoon.
Don't say, I love you all.
I'm married.
I'm happy this afternoon.
And the happiness is not connected to you.
Or you say God is good.
Or just go to Scripture as Psalm 74, Psalm 53.
Don't, if I was to follow my fears, I would not be a pastor.
Oh yeah, there will be no understanding here.
Because you will be afraid of tomorrow.
It's nice to meet a free-spirited person
who is not so concerned about tomorrow.
Let me speak to the brothers, to the sisters.
Brothers, look closely.
Don't marry a worried person, someone who is worried.
It's not good because you know there are so many things to be worried about.
You can be one of who is going to die this year, who is going to die next year.
I mean, by 31st, we will be alive.
By next year, 31st, we will be alive.
I mean, you can't even think normally.
If you worry about every day and about everything, and you start changing, you see somebody the person is thinking.
So what is the problem?
He said, I love you.
That has made you lose weight.
You understand?
Your meat is finished.
Because of I love you.
You should have rather gained weight.
Thank you, brother.
See me after a price.
You should have, you should have rather put on weight.
When they say I love you know, then you start eating more out of happiness.
10 to the nearest sister, now you must be able to interpret people by looking at their faces and then their eyes.
Looking to the eyes and see the neighbor and see whether the person is happy or worried.
People are worried and fearful.
Yes.
We need people who lift up their hands and say, yeah.
I love you too.
I'm happy too.
I say, are you happy?
Yeah, I'm very happy.
Oh, come on.
If you don't have such a bad, you go for honeymoon, every day you'll be okay.
Is everything okay?
Is that a problem?
Do you need Panado?
Do you need aspirin?
Do you need depression?
Do you need volume?
Do you need... Why?
We want to be happy.
I've written a new song about honeymoon.
Honeymoon.
You'll be hearing the song soon.
How many want to hear that song about honeymoon?
is the commonest.
So many are called to be happy in their marriage, but because of fear, fear becomes happy.
Yes?
Amazing.
Will we be rich?
Will we have money?
Will you die?
Will you live?
Will our child, what school will our child go to?
How old is the child?
We are thinking of the school.
You know, the first time my wife told me that our child has to go, we have to find a school.
I was shocked.
I have no total school at all.
I was happy in the world.
So when she brought the idea of going to school, I said, look, find anything.
It doesn't matter what you led by eight of six, one plus one ABC.
How does it change your life?
Tell somebody, Charlie, I'm getting myself free of all types of fears.
so that I can be among the few that are chosen.
And now you see, the brothers are going to start looking at you closely to see.
Is it a happy person?
Is it a free person?
Is she happy?
I'm looking here, I'm not seeing so much happiness.
I'm looking here, I'm not seeing so much happiness yet.
Complex thoughts, complex thoughts with thinking.
One day I met a beloved and his beloved and her beloved.
Young beloved is in the church and I asked, how is it?
I was expecting the beloved to say, we are happy, we are enjoying.
She said, God is in control.
This is gonna turn off a witch aspect now, but this is always packed!
Listen, do you know what attracted me to the first laugh chat when I came first?
You know what?
I'll tell you, anything I said, can we do this?
The answer was, of course, it has already been done as you are speaking.
Anything was done, possible.
Can we have a meeting now tomorrow, in the evening, in the afternoon?
Because we can.
Oh, they come.
Of course they won't come.
Everything was, yes.
I'm talking about eight years ago.
Can they file this?
I never had.
It was such a difference from the grown-ups.
The grown-ups, can they have this?
Well, you know, there's a time that people are doing this, you know, the traffic and this.
And we come, wow.
How many want to have somebody who is free?
flowing.
Is it going outside?
I don't see them lifting your hands.
Outside people.
Ah!
What lifting your hands?
I'm watching you from here.
Just flow.
Everything can be done.
It's possible.
Yes.
I feel like telling you something, but I don't know whether there are some children here.
Free spirit.
From today, you are delivered from your worries, your fears, your anxieties, your consents in the name of Jesus Christ.
Amen.
Number two in this number one, hiding your gift.
It says, I was afraid and I went and hid by talent in the air.
Lo, there thou hast that is done.
When I look at fear, the first thing it causes you to is to hide.
Which means to lie.
To lie.
You just lie.
Lies are mostly from fear.
Because if you tell the truth up, they will earmark you.
They will give you a red card.
Tell them the lie.
True or not true?
I'm hiding.
You know one of the reasons why I enjoy working.
I enjoy working with the younger people.
And also people that are educated.
They are freer.
They just relate with you.
Over respect, culture of we don't talk when you see a father.
You just have to be quiet and stand there like a zombie who has been baptized in salty water.
That's such a good thing.
I feel happier with somebody who comes to talk to me any day.
Because all the people who are happy in our Ghana culture, they're just standing there.
But they will not vote for you.
Which means that they don't really support you.
Yes?
You watch Ghana people watching this election is coming.
We are just now one year in election.
What's Ganyance?
What Ganyance?
You'll be surprised at their behavior.
No one can tell.
So here is all here for where?
It's past.
Get rid of your fear and stop hiding at the back.
Why don't you sit in the front?
I'm just going to ask you that question personally, between me and you.
Why don't you sit at the back?
Why do you sit at the feathermost corner?
I hate.
When the first sign of evil in you is hiding.
When Adam and Eve sing, the first thing, when the Lord God came in there, after they were hiding, they joined the trees.
Adam told Eve, look, look like a tree.
So she's just doing it.
Bend a bit.
And he thought that I'm bent like a branch, so he also bent like that.
And that was just that they were standing in the midst of the trees.
Why don't you ever just come and say hello?
Why don't you just flow?
Why don't you just smile?
What is wrong?
Why are you hiding?
What is the problem?
Why are you not free-spirited?
What is wrong with if you were a child, if you were a child, if you were not wrong, when you say,
You run.
That's why some people have been like dogs more.
Some dogs are very friendly.
My daughter went and bought a little dog.
Very friendly.
I mean, I don't really have time for dogs.
I don't have the idea.
I mean, we human means I don't have time for them before dogs.
But this one is so friendly, it's happy to see you.
Smiling, walking, they tell you it comes to you.
When you stroke, he will lie down.
He says, get in the feelings.
What a friendly dog.
I said, I see why people like dogs.
He will just come to you and he says, if you are so nice, very nice to you.
Why don't you behave like that?
I hate myself.
I hate the fair side is hiding.
Don't say it's culture.
It's not culture.
It's a sin that makes you hide.
Just feel free.
The sin you are hiding from, the person you are hiding from, it's not better.
It's not any better than you.
All right?
Yeah.
Hi, baby.
Yes.
I want to marry you.
Oh, yeah.
Me too.
All right, baby.
Will you marry me?
Yes, I will.
All right.
I want to know something about your past.
No problem.
So have you been around
What do you mean, around?
I mean, around, like, going around.
Yeah!
I've been to circle.
I've been to dance again.
I've been to Nigeria.
I've been around.
Is that not what you mean?
Okay, no.
Let me ask you direct.
Are you a virgin?
Of course!
Virginity is in my soul.
So what you have said, after taking a very solid decision, already it's on 27th.
Now, after you marry, you find out that you have even been pregnant before.
Yes.
Is it not?
What about Ninja?
Is it?
But the person, you should have just told the truth.
So, yeah.
Have you been around?
Oh, yeah.
Where?
Where have you been?
I'm around.
OK. Are you a virgin?
Of course not.
How are you?
I'll give you a good show, you see.
Which one of the two do you prefer?
It's the second one, you see now.
A good show.
As soon as you say,
So the brothers have to stop beating people.
Tell you, I never stop hiding.
It's not helping you.
You don't love.
You say, you wait.
You wait.
What I'll do to you soon.
The brothers have to start between 120 per minute.
120 per minute.
Number three.
I was afraid and I am hit by talent.
So hiding.
The third one is fort finding.
There's 24.
I knew thee that thou at a hadman, ripping where thou hast not soon, and gathering where thou hast not strong.
Amen.
Finding faults, you see, with people is the principle reason why people don't do it.
Because your eyes are trained on my faults, not on the call of God.
You can't think about two things.
You can't look at two things that I said, okay, everybody, are you watching?
Hello?
Choose which eye, choose one of your eyes.
Which eye are you going to choose?
Choose your right.
Now, it's your left one there also.
Now everybody, look up with your right eye.
And then look at my hand here with your left eye.
Is it possible?
You cannot look with one eye up and another eye down.
It doesn't exist.
Once you see my fault, you will never see my anointing.
Once you see my fault, you will never hear the call of God and see the call of God.
That is why those who see the faults of the prophets, they don't see the gift.
I was watching one prophet, he was just ministering, he said, take six steps forward.
One, two, three,
four, five, six.
And I was wondering what he was doing.
He said, take four steps backward.
One, two, three, four.
Take one step forward.
One.
I was wondering, is it the children's church?
Then he said, take five steps backward.
One, two, three, four, five.
Then he said, your ATM number is 6415.
Your ATM number, is it true?
He said, it's true.
Now, why don't you pray for me to see such ATM numbers too?
I want to see such things.
Yes?
Instead of saying, oh, these guys are crooks.
You say, when you see crook, you will not see anointing.
You see, folks, you say, you are a hard man.
That's why you are a hard man.
It's not pointing finger.
He's like this.
You are like this.
How do you see any gift?
How do you see a gift?
I'm standing here preaching to my thousands.
Sunday afternoon is 4 o'clock.
Everybody's happy to be here.
You are free to go anywhere you want to go.
Yeah.
You are listening to me preaching.
You are listening on the radio.
You are inviting me all over the world.
Come, come, come, come, come, come.
You see my thought.
You never see the grace.
You never see the power.
You never see it.
Because you can't make your right eye look up and your left eye look down.
And you can't look up.
Okay, no, we tried only two eyes.
Now, try looking up, everyone look up to the ceiling.
Okay, can you see?
No, don't look down.
Can you see what I'm doing, my hand?
Can you see what I'm doing?
You see now?
You can't look up and down at the same time.
So if up is false, you can see down, down is annoying to you.
When you look up, you can see down.
Once you are looking at something, that's it, you're finished.
That's why when I saw Kenneth Hagin, I saw his anointing.
When I relate with men of God, I said, this process is different.
This wasn't so what?
That's not what I'm looking at.
I didn't even know his wife.
I don't care.
This and that.
So don't let fault-finding destroy you.
Yes.
Otherwise, you will never receive.
If you are doing falsifying, you can't even read the Bible.
You can't read about Noah.
You can't read, he was drunk.
You can't read about Abraham because of his issues.
You can't read about Jacob.
You can't read about David.
You can't read the Bible.
You stop reading Bible.
If you are looking for false, you stop reading Bible.
That was a hard one.
And you see, it may look like, well, just something, you are making a comment.
But that comment reveals more in your heart.
I'm a heart.
Your face like a mango.
Did I imagine your name?
When you grew,
You find that the things you are criticizing, you are like that.
The other day I called somebody and I was talking to him.
And I said, oh, now when I call you, you are busy.
And he said something, that revealed something.
He said, I never used to believe when I called somebody and I can't reach him.
The person is busy.
And I knew he was talking about me.
because he has tried to call me before I couldn't get to me.
I knew he was talking about me.
But because he has become busy, he has realized that there's something like busy.
If when we close service, I am on the phone, I cannot talk to anybody from now to tonight because I can be on the phone till tonight.
Yes.
I never used to believe that somebody is busy, that he can't literally answer the phone.
So yeah, I called you, I called you, I called you, you can't answer.
Because you are busy.
You see, when you grow, then you realize that if you are not hard, you cannot be a leader.
If you are not hard, you cannot be a leader.
The difference between Ghana and working in England is that they will suck you.
That's all.
If you want to know just one difference, that they will suck you when you don't work.
Are you there?
There are many of you who go to work, you only find fault with.
What?
Your bosses.
Ah, nah, lah.
Why here?
No, mwam, bye.
Watch out.
Look at that.
Look at him.
He says this, and this, and that, and that, and that, sarcastic speech.
That's how this guy was.
You have had money.
He couldn't control himself when he was talking.
So he even said it to the man.
You are a hard man.
And you know, this is interesting.
Jesus said to Peter, you know, Peter, you are too soft to build my change.
I'm going to make you act like a rock.
I'll change your name even to Peter to make you act without being act like a rock.
You cannot be used to build a change.
And when you are hard, you always
had some people.
Always.
When you are soft, you are pleasing everybody.
In the end, you lose all your friends.
But I want to make you lose everybody.
That is why people who have been hard dictators developed their countries.
Yes.
the Russian Revolution or the Russians Stalin.
Although they criticized so much about him, he killed so many people.
He is the one who made Russia an industrial nation.
Yes.
And Mao Zedong also, he also made China what it is.
In 1949, when he took over, finally, then he changed the country.
and started the communist Red Army and took over and changed China to what it is.
And even Hitler.
Hitler came and he made the Autobahn concrete roads from left, not everywhere.
He said he made a people's car for everybody.
People's cars, Volkswagen is car in German and volts is people.
People are volts, like folks.
Vagan, or W-A-G-N, Vagan.
Vagan is ka, people's ka.
If Hitler had died in, let's say, 1938, he would have been considered one of the greatest geniuses in the whole world.
Because he took Germany from zero to ultimate.
When he took over, a whole barrel of money could not buy one loaf of bread.
It was like Zimbabwe.
Six years.
He turned it around.
So why should you say good things about?
But Jesus said I come like a thief in the night.
So it's not that he's admiring stealing, but he's showing you a characteristic of peace that is important to understand.
Are you listening to me?
Yes.
So, what you are even criticizing is actually a good thing.
Wow.
That was a hard one.
That's actually the best quality.
I always remember when I first went to Korea, actually before, when I was listening to those tapes with Bijabzaki about Cheech growth.
I was surprised, you know?
He said, the characteristic of every big judge is that there's one hard strong leader.
I thought it was one soft-kind pasta.
My young teacher said, one hot, strong pasta.
Yes, I go.
I lent it.
Amazing.
Is it not amazing?
So what you are even criticizing, that's actually the good quality.
That's how come people, few are chosen because one of the most easy natural things is to find fault.
The one who's sitting in Ghana, you find fault with everything in Ghana.
Is it not true?
Everywhere there's fault in Ghana.
When I was having lunch present before, we was at the table, and then somebody was saying something to be done, and the before said, hey, it's not like that, it's not that simple as.
And he asked me, he said, yeah, it's true, it's not like that.
And when he asked me, you see, because we were in Collegonal, and at that time, we had tried to do good to the people of Collegonal, and he turned into a bomb.
So you realize that it's not as simple as that.
Are you listening?
Tell your neighbor, neighbor.
I'm going to be among the few that are chosen.
Amen.
Finally, despising your gift.
Don't despise your gift.
And number six,
Over estimating your abilities.
Don't over estimate your abilities.
And number seven, laziness.
It says that wicked and slothful servant.
Amen.
Hallelujah.
And then one last one, thou knowest that I live where I sought not, and I gather where I have not strode.
Amen.
Not wanting to be cheated.
Once you have in your mind that you are being cheated, you'll be eliminated.
Because we are always being cheated.
You know, there are people who sell my books.
They make a lot of money for my books.
They make the money.
But with the mind at all, I don't want to be cheated.
Buy the book at this price.
This is how much it costs.
You can be used by God.
So you must allow yourself
Once you have my hand, they are cheating me.
They just come and I sweep the whole church and then they just come and, sorry, excuse us, go away, please.
Once you have in your mind, you are being cheated, you're out.
You're out.
I'm working so hard, monkey the work bubble, somebody's getting the glory.
As soon as you think of somebody getting the glory, you made a mistake.
You're out.
Yeah.
Monkey the work bubble nature.
Charlie, we are the ones working on the swollen sundae and that is getting all the glory.
Your mouth like a pig.
And your teeth like a monkey's teeth.
I think these are actually a bit.
They say, I'm getting the glory.
Once you are the one working on the swollen sundae.
Who born you?
As your neighbor, are you here by mistake?
Are you here by mistake?
What kind of thinking is that?
Now, you see, thank God, thank God.
You see, most people in our church don't think that way, but in many churches, that's how they think.
That's why nobody will lift one finger.
You reap what you don't sow.
You see, you are reaping, but you didn't sow.
Who told you I didn't sow?
You don't know much about me.
You think you know but you don't know.
You don't know Nero.
Huh?
He's cheating us.
We are working for nothing.
You are hard man.
You are ripping what you didn't sow.
Wow.
You are full of...
Now, don't ever think that way.
You know, I'll tell you a story as I close.
In 1983, our universities were closed down and I went to London
for some months.
Once I was there, I started to look for Christians who I knew from Ghana.
But there were no churches.
And I found a new church that was just starting.
The church will not be bigger than a part of the stage.
There was no instrument in the church.
But there's this pastor who started the church.
So when I got
hold of that church, I started my own campaign to find every Christian I knew off from Ghana in London.
That's how come I know London, when I go to London, the underground, I know everywhere.
From north to south, except maybe they've built a new tunnel, but I know almost every station.
I went everywhere.
And I went to a shop and I bought Canadian books.
And I will travel to people's houses with my bus pass.
I'll buy zone 1, 2, 3, ABC.
We have zone 1, 2, 3 at that time, ABC.
And I was the feather zone, the most expensive bus pass.
I bought it.
And I bought all the Canadian books.
I'll travel to find your house and I'll come and I'll give you a book.
I said, can I take it by myself?
Throughout the whole of London, I can imagine the names of the people.
Then after that, I carried them myself to church.
I would go to their houses and bring them to 339 Finchley Road, North London, myself.
I went for people to wake up.
I'll go to the house, they'll sleep, wake up, I'll take you, I took them myself.
I never thought I was,
This plastic monkey did chop.
Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon is it Baboon
Yes, I went to find him.
I found where he was in London.
He was in Chelsea.
I found him.
I said, come, I'll take you to a church.
I took him.
I said, let's go here.
He became the head, I shall, deputy head, I shall, in that church.
I took everybody.
I got that people.
Then the pastor didn't have instruments.
I said, I can help you.
I can buy drums.
Let's buy drums.
I showed him I went, we got the drums of white, bought the drums.
What can you do?
I said, I can play piano.
I can play drums.
I can do anything.
I didn't even have shoes.
My shoes had become an alligator.
The mouth had opened and I had only one.
And I didn't have money.
So if I come to check, I put my foot on the ground like this and I slide like this.
People thought that it was galleys.
But it was a shoe.
And the main problem was when I was going on stage.
So when I get on stage like this, I tell her, I'll tell her, I'll tell her, I'll tell her.
Wow.
That thing was not so high like this.
Like two or three steps, then I was good.
Then after that, I just go.
It was the right shoe that was open.
I know.
Yes.
Every Sunday I was there.
I was gathering people.
Today, you see, in this sense, there are people that are sharing my books, my curious ministers.
They don't ask me anything.
As if they have been, there's an engine in them to go around the world and share these books.
Exactly what I was doing.
I was not thinking somebody is paying attention.
And when I left London, the pastor called me and said, look, I would like to you to work with me as a pastor.
I said, oh, I'm a medical student.
I have to go back to school.
And when I finish, maybe, but now I have to go back.
I came back.
I left all the people there.
I didn't do it all.
Monkey, the way.
And when I was sleeping, I asked him for a gift.
I went to see him.
I said, I'm going to Ghana.
He said, what is it?
I said, the tapes you used to show on Tuesday evening, can you give me Fred Price and Jimmy Swaggart?
He said, I'll give you.
And he gave it to me.
That's all.
And I came.
Later on when we started the church, I went back to him.
And I said, I need to be ordained.
He said, I know you, I will ordain you.
And he said, I will date you on Sunday.
I came to the church alone, only me.
This was not the biggest, it opened, I was there for the smallest.
Now it was the biggest.
Six years later, six years later, it was the biggest.
Everybody in the world came to preach that.
He called, he said, I will date you.
He is the one who will date me in the ministry.
I was the only person I kept.
He said, come forth in front of the whole church in your day me.
So I'll date you into the ministry.
And he gave me a certificate.
This was not the biggest church in London.
And the one I finished, that was all I wanted.
He said, no, I want you to preach tonight.
To me, preach the first time ever to preach in such an environment.
You say monkey, they work by the way.
That's why you never get anywhere, because you always think somebody's cheating you, somebody's getting something, somebody's.
You are working, somebody's benefit, somebody's getting glory.
That way of thinking is crooked.
You need to go to the fita, to go and work on your head, on your head.
You know fita, there are some fittas around.
I gave you fittas around.
You PSA, yeah, that's some fittas.
You need a thicker.
And that night, I preached, I don't even know what I preached.
Second, December 1991.
When I preached, they took an offering for me.
The first time I've seen offering in pounds, 1991, they gave it to me.
I said, how old are these?
Wonderful.
Monkey, they work, babonecho.
I never thought so.
I played the piano, I played the drums.
I did everything in the church.
No money.
How are you talking about money?
My crisis was, you know, one day he came and he said, he gave us some rules, you know?
He told us, you can't have a beard like half a beard.
Shave all proper.
That's how I let all those things.
They said, I just, you have to dress with a jacket.
He was, I was letting posture our work.
So I didn't have money.
He said, you have to wear.
And I didn't have money.
I didn't have money to buy.
It was a crisis.
You see why a few people work for God or are chosen?
Because many people have this way of thinking.
Yes.
That's why when people go and work for the government, they fill the hole.
Yeah, they work.
These guys are chopping all of them.
It's not for the love of Canada.
So, open your heart.
Open your heart.
Just flow.
You don't know what you are doing.
Few actions, God calls many servants and says, come, don't let thoughts go through your mind too much.
Just flow.
Don't think of what you are doing for me.
You are going for God.
Yes.
Thank God.
What a blessing.
Yeah.
Amen?
Why a few are chosen?
This is why a few are chosen.
Number one, because what?
They have fear.
Number two, they don't take little things, they don't take little things seriously.
You see my little little preaching, my 225 talents, this my little preaching.
This is all I have.
I don't have everyone's beard and other
Messages, these are the super ones I have.
If it's too the same for you, please go away.
Fear, hiding your gift, thought-finding, despising your gift over estimating your ability, laziness, and not wanting to be cheated.
Stand to your feet, please.
All right?
Are you standing?
Some of you are sitting there, you get an answer, you sit up.
Stand up.
Lift your hands to God and tell God, Lord, I don't want to be eliminated.
Help me to have a good attitude, a good mind.
pray for yourself in a moment as we close the service.
God calls many people, many people, many people, many people.
Many people
so they land under the land.
your right hand, just your right hand like this.
I want you to put your other hand on your heart and promise God.
None of these seven or eight things will eliminate you.
Neither fear, nor hiding your gift, nor fault finding, nor thinking that you are being cheated, nor laziness, nor fear will keep you.
nor despising that little talent.
Jesus, pray for the moment as we close the sentence.
Father, we give you thanks and we give you praise to the mighty, mighty name of Jesus.
We love you and we praise you.
Father, look at every hand that is lifted up and established us in your kingdom.
We give you praise in Jesus' name.
Amen.
As every head is bowed and every eye closed, if you are here, you want to give your life to Jesus Christ.
Pastor, pray with me.
Somebody invited you to church, but you don't know Jesus as your savior.
Lift your right hand as we close the service.
God bless you.
Lift it up high.
I'm going to pray with you.
Pastor, I want to give my life to Jesus.
Raise your hand.
God bless you.
God, I want to give my life to God.
I want to give my life to Jesus today.
God bless you.
If you've lifted your hand, walk to me now.
I'm counting only up to 10.
Walk to me from where you are standing and I'm going to pray with you.
Come from outside.
Come from the back.
Come from everywhere.
I want to pray with you.
My name is prayer with me and everyone joins me.
Lord Jesus, please forgive me for my sins.
I am a wicked sinner, but today I give my life to you.
Please forgive me and wash me with the blood of Jesus.
Today I receive Jesus as my Savior and my Lord.
Please write my name in the book of life.
I love you, Jesus, and I thank you with my heart, with my life.
I will serve you.
Thank you, Jesus Christ, for saving me today.
In Jesus' name I pray, amen.
God bless you.
This is a simple prayer, amen?
Please give them the books.
This is a simple prayer, but that's how we get married.
You just say, I do, I do, no, you are married.
So as you are saying this simple prayer,
Jesus is changing your life, amen.
As soon as we close, are you listening?
As soon as we close, when we say amen, come to this side, it's called salvation corner.
All those who are holding this book, as soon as we close, come there.
And then we are going to pray with you one minute, then you go to the house, okay?
God bless you.
Give the Lord a clap of you.
You can go back to your seats.
You may be seated.
It's time for communion.
This is my body, which was broken for you.
Drink, this is my blood, which was shed for you.
Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood has returned our life.
For my flesh is meat indeed, and my blood is drink indeed, oh yeah.
It's the communion of the blood of Christ, the bread which we break.
It's the communion of the body of Christ.
Zechariah chapter 9 verse 11.
As for thee, by the blood of thy covenant, I have sent forth thy prisoners out of the pit.
wearing there is no water.
Amen.
How have the prisoners come out of the pit?
I can't hear you.
How have the prisoners been sent out of the pit?
By what?
By the blood.
Now which pit?
That is the pit of hell.
We are also supposed to go to the pit of hell.
How many have told a lie before?
How many have stolen something before?
How many have eaten something you shouldn't eat?
How many have been jealous before?
How many have fought before?
How many have fought blows before?
Sisters.
How many have done bad things before?
degrees in bad things.
But now you are supposed to be sentenced to the pit.
But the Bible says in Zechariah chapter 9 verse 11, ask for thee also, by the blood of thy covenant, I have sent forth thy prisoners out of the pit, wherein is no water.
Remember when the rich man went to hell?
What did he say?
I pray thee send Lazarus that he may dip the tip of his finger in what?
Water.
So this pit has no water.
It's a waterless pit.
One day I watched a film, Clint Eastwood.
In that film, somebody was shot and the person was dying.
Just as the, but that's how I saw the film, but the actors were really, they knew what they were doing.
As the person was dying, he started to ask for water.
He was bleeding.
He said, I need water.
I need water.
And then he died.
So when you are bleeding, you start to need water.
So today, instead of going to that pit, oh, by the blood, you are out.
In Jesus' name, stand to your feet.
Lift your bread up.
Father, we thank you for the bread, the body of Jesus Christ.
which is broken for us.
We thank you in the name of Jesus.
Let the brokenness of the body be the reason for the healing of our bodies.
Any broken part of our bodies is healed by this broken body of Jesus Christ.
The body of Jesus Christ.
Now take the blood, the wine, by this blood, every trap, every pit, every hellfire, every Gehenna, every lake of fire, you have escaped it, by the blood, the blood of Jesus.
Lift your hands for your blessing.
Lift your hands.
May you walk free from every chain.
Every trap you are falling into, you are coming out free.
You are coming out free.
You are coming out free with no damages.
In the name of Jesus, every snake that has beaten you
With venom, I declare the poison in your life is neutralized in the name of Jesus.
Every foul bed that has landed on you to block your eyes out, to block your brains, to stick from you, that bed
that flying creature is revealed today.
In the name of Jesus, let me hear your loudest amen.
Receive freedom.
Say, I receive it.
Receive deliverance.
May your hands always be lifted up in victory.
May your hands be lifted up in joy.
This week, may you find things that make you genuinely happy and joyful.
Let me hear your loudest amen.
Whatever makes you cry, whatever makes you sad.
What makes you hop sleepless nights?
I rebuke it in Jesus' name.
From today, your sleep will be sweet.
May God lift up your head in every crisis and in every difficult situation.
In the name of He who lay in the grave and said, I shall arise after three days.
In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, your head is lifted up.
In Jesus' name,
Let me hear your loudest amen.
God bless you, you may be seated.
Your head is lifted up.